EPISODE 1
Is this me?
This is me?
This is really me?
-Guys. hurry up.
-Yes. sir.
These idiots.
Why didn't they fold this in?
-Move over. We don't have time.
-Please move out of the way.
Please cooperate.
-I'm sorry.
-What is going on?
Hurry up already!
If you're going to loiter around.
just go play golf instead.
-Where is the body?
-This way. sir.
Gosh. this rain.
Would you say it's well preserved?
The rain's making it difficult.
but we're trying.
From the size of his skull.
the temporal bone
and skullcap.
I'm convinced that it's a male.
I'm not sure exactly when he died.
-but I think it happened a decade ago.
-A decade?
-Look at this mess.
-Oh. gosh.
Hey!
You idiot!
Moo-gang Han. that loser.
How many times has he done this?
You ruined the evidence!
-Oh. gosh!
-This is crazy.
Get lost.
Gosh. that idiot.
What on earth did he eat? Goodness.
You idiot!
If you just kept your teeth together.
only the liquid would have come out!
He actually threw up food. Gosh.
Goddamn it!
What was the cause of death?
Judging from the crack in the skull.
I think he was murdered.
Gosh. seriously?
Why did they partner me up
with that loser?
That guy will ruin my career.
What?
What...
What is this?
What do you think this is?
Your stomach must be empty
because you threw up everything.
Let's grab a quick bite here.
We have the team dinner later.
A barbecue burger and a soda for me.
I don't have any appetite right now.
Why? You don't feel like eating
because you just saw skeletons?
Go buy it before I make you eat bone soup.
Didn't you say you were feeling queasy?
It's been a long time. Ha-ram.
How long has it been?
Seven hundred. seventy-three days.
and five hours.
Your order?
The shrimp burger couple set.
Signature.
Your order?
-Pardon me?
-Your order.
Oh. one barbecue burger
and a soda. please.
By any chance. can I order half a cup
of Americano? I can't. right?
Then I'll just get that.
-Hey!
-Yes? I wanted to use up my change.
Gosh. that startled me.
I told you to take that off.
It will repel customers!
They'll find me
even more repulsive without it.
For goodness' sake.
Is this funny to you?
You little... Do you think this is a joke?
Your order?
-Your order?
-Sorry?
Are you deaf? Finish your order.
One barbecue burger and what?
I'll get one barbecue burger and soda.
Is it really not possible
to order just half a cup of Americano?
What are you looking at?
Shall I poke your eyes with utility poles?
Or shall I spoon your eyeballs
and suck all the fluid out of them?
Here is your shrimp burger couple set.
Stay for three more minutes.
What are you doing?
-Just three more minutes.
-What are you saying? Let go.
Then wait for just a minute.
Stay here for just one minute.
What is it again? What?
It was my mom last time. Is it me now?
You haven't changed at all.
Do you know why I dumped you?
It's because you bring misfortune.
Let go of me.
Oh. my goodness!
-Oh. no!
-What just happened?
He must be dead.
What's wrong with that woman?
Die hard! Never die!
FOR UNFORTUNATE DAYS
Are you okay? It must have startled you.
Well. I've been through this a lot.
Oh. my. This isn't nice of me
to drink it alone.
Would you like some?
Why do you look like that?
Did something happen?
Something?
Something happened. indeed.
Do you remember Dong-won?
I saw him after seven hundred.
seventy-three days. and five hours.
What a coincidence to run into him
at a burger place.
But...
he said.
I'm unfortunate.
Gosh. how ridiculous.
He's the unfortunate one.
I told him to stay for one minute.
Why did he leave in such a hurry?
I lost the will to stop him
when he said I bring misfortune.
I should have stopped him.
Did he die because of me?
Did he really die
because I bring misfortune?
That's right.
It's because of me.
I think it is. He died because of me.
It's all my fault.
Dad.
Dad!
I'm scared. I'm so scared.
Why does it only happen to me? Why?
It's okay. You're okay.
Ha-ram. don't worry.
Daddy will make your eyes okay.
Ta-da. It's a magical pair of sunglasses.
If you wear these.
you won't see any of the scary stuff.
If I wear these.
will I really not see the scary things?
You won't.
Dad.
I can't watch it anymore.
I can't do this anymore.
I'm sorry. sir.
You brat.
Hey. you should eat.
I heard you've been throwing up all day.
Your stomach must be empty.
I'm sorry.
We have the liver. the heart.
and the intestine.
Gosh. look at this. It's the tongue.
There must be some tongue
in beef tripe and intestine soup.
What? Oh. goodness.
Look at this.
It's an eye.
This is a delicacy. you know.
It's so juicy.
Hey.
Where are you going?
Why did you stick a bean
in a quail egg and trick him?
He got shocked and ran away.
Who hired that brat?
You did. you idiot.
Give me someone else as a partner!
-It looks good.
-Eat up.
Hey.
What are you doing?
-What is this?
-What are you doing. you punk?
-Boss!
-Oh. no.
What do you think you're doing?
We'll kill you.
Let go of me.
Get up. you punk.
-You little...
-Darn it.
-Hey. No!
-Don't...
Why are you doing this to me?
Come here. punk!
Hey. move.
You punk. Come here.
Hey!
Detectives are having a team dinner here.
What's with all the noise?
I'll arrest you all for...
What are you doing over there. Moo-gang?
Detective Han.
Detective?
How dare you beat him up like that?
-What's going on?
-Get them!
-Hey!
-How dare you?
Gosh. it's red bean noodle soup.
It's your birthday today.
I made some since it's your favorite.
It will be good.
Oh. right. Moo-gang. Look over there.
That's your birthday present.
What?
Present?
You didn't have to.
What is this?
This is a limited edition
for the 40th anniversary of Robot Jjippa.
Gosh. they aren't even in the stores yet.
Moo-gang. Here.
Mother says it's your medicine
for this month.
My medicine?
I guess I should take it.
You should call your mother more often.
I know.
But she doesn't answer my calls anyway.
Can't you reconsider?
Do you have to be a detective?
You aren't suited for it.
-Your mother hates it so much.
-I'm starving.
I'll go wash up.
Gosh. it smells fantastic.
Hi. Did you look into it?
Yes.
Oh. that's right. The picture.
Hold on.
My sunglasses. Where did my sunglasses go?
Hi. sweetie. They are mine.
Give them back to me.
-No.
-No?
Don't say that. Give them back to me.
Please give them back to me.
You'll be in trouble. Come on.
I don't want to!
Stop! Stop immediately! Don't take off!
You need to stop. Right now!
Stop this airplane immediately!
No!
Go away! Get away from me!
Go away!
You cannot let this plane take off.
You absolutely shouldn't.
This airplane must not take off!
Open this door! Right now!
Stop this airplane.
Get off. You all need to get off.
The plane can't take off!
Everyone will die!
Please believe me!
Mister.
This is hers.
Please. no.
We can't let the plane take off.
It cannot take off!
Everyone on that plane will die!
Breaking news. A Helsinki-bound airplane
that left Incheon International Airport
at 6 a.m. today crashed while flying...
Hey. everyone died.
Hey. Man-soo. Will that affect you at all?
Aren't you in the insurance department?
That has nothing to do with...
-It actually will affect me a lot.
-I'm doing it right now!
There would be a ton of work
if it was a full flight.
What should I do? Gosh.
You guys! Can't you see
that it's a state of emergency?
Aren't you watching the news?
How can you get drunk
in broad daylight and make prank calls?
Look at him.
Does his face look okay to you?
It's totally beaten up.
Gosh. I really didn't do anything.
I only said
that he shouldn't make prank calls.
He's right. Those two guys beat him up.
That loser just tried to stop the fight.
Anyway. I will absolutely not settle.
I'll be sure
to put these jerks behind bars.
What? A global star.
a corporate heir. and a sports star?
Brace yourselves.
I'll tell the reporters everything!
-You jerk.
-How dare you!
-Bring it on!
-Break it up!
Hey. why are you going through
the list of missing men?
Do we already have the DNA test results?
Gosh. seriously.
Didn't Moo-gang tell you
when he was dropping this off?
Then. it's a woman.
He didn't say anything.
What happened?
Oh. no.
Are you okay?
Oh. gosh.
I'm sorry.
Hey. you really don't know what this is?
Are you clueless or dumb?
Hey. do this with your hands.
-Like this?
-That's the position.
Stay just like that. okay?
Now. put them over your chest.
-Oh. these are women's...
-That's right. you idiot.
How can these not decay
when the victim died over ten years ago?
Silicone doesn't decay
even after a century. you dimwit.
Gosh. didn't you go to an elite university
in the States?
Hey. be honest with me.
Your credentials are fake. right?
I studied accounting.
which has nothing to do with any of this.
You're such a loser. Why did you study
accounting out of everything?
There is no match.
-Nothing at all?
-No.
I went through the records
of missing women from the last 20 years.
but there is no match.
What is it then?
This woman probably wasn't
even reported missing.
By the way. where will we find
the information we need?
About what?
The skeletons we found.
She wasn't found in our database.
Hey. they say that there is more
than one way to skin a cat.
You see the numbers on them. right?
-Right there. That's it.
-Yes.
It's the manufacturer's serial number.
That number will tell us
the manufacturer's name.
which hospital they supplied to.
and the name of the patient
who got the surgery.
so go find out everything.
The numbers got erased
because these are old.
Gosh. do you have all the time
in the world or what?
Hey. who can decipher things
that aren't even visible?
What do you mean?
The eyes of the Six Million Dollar Man.
The ears of the Bionic Woman.
Don't you know?
All detectives must have such abilities.
Anyhow. find out no matter what.
You got that?
Okay.
Am I supposed to laugh or what?
Don't touch me. pervert!
Get your hands off me.
-Are you going to keep this up?
-Let go! Let go of me first.
-Let go!
-Who is that woman?
-Let go of me first! Let go!
-What are you doing?
-Tidy up. guys.
-Let go of me. please!
I'm serious. I didn't do anything.
Then why did you get off the plane
just before takeoff?
I didn't get off voluntarily.
I was dragged out.
How did you know that everyone would die?
Answer me! Are you a terrorist?
How did you know about the crash
if it wasn't your doing?
Hey. Miss!
This is very serious!
You have to tell me the truth
for me to help you.
How did you know that everyone would die?
I saw the shadow.
What?
The shadow.
I can see the shadow of death.
I've never seen so many of them before.
She can foresee death?
Oh. she's...
I saw her at the burger place.
Gosh. honey!
What on earth happened? Gosh. honey.
Who was the jerk that did this to you?
How can you beat up someone's face?
How could you do this?
-Ma'am.
-Hey!
You're very beautiful.
Gosh. hello.
Do I know you?
I work as an insurance planner
at Royeol Insurance.
My name is Jin-sook Han.
She's your employee?
That's great. Just compensate them well.
-What did you just say?
-Gosh. please don't do this!
-Let go!
-Oh. gosh!
-My goodness.
-Are you okay?
-Oh. gosh.
-I'm sorry.
-Are you all right?
-Yes. I'm fine.
-Calm down.
-Gosh. these jerks.
Will you guys settle or not?
Pardon me? Oh. let's just settle. honey.
-What are you talking about?
-Yes. We'll settle.
-Take them and have them sign it.
-Yes. sir.
-I won't settle.
-Go on. Let's go.
Yes. we're coming.
That woman has it. too.
What? She has what?
The shadow.
The shadow of death.
She'll die soon. too.
Is she a psychic?
Oh. right.
Shoot.
You didn't send a car?
I waited for a while.
Well. it's fine.
I can use my two legs. you know.
Stop wasting your life.
I want you to take over Insurance.
Sorry? Insurance?
You mean. Royeol Insurance?
Are you asking me to...
Gosh. thank you so much.
I'll do my very best. Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Think of your position and behave.
I don't expect much from you.
Just don't ruin the image of Royeol.
Of course not.
I will make Royeol Insurance
the best insurance company in our country.
Thank you.
Royeol Insurance.
These look really expensive.
Thank you.
I don't care who you are.
Thank you...
Is someone sick?
Hey.
I told you not to watch it
in front of the dog.
You have your own laptop.
Why do you always use mine?
Dad locked my laptop.
Don't be so happy. Uncle Man-soo.
I know that you're an outcast
of our family.
but how can you know so little
about how things are in the company?
You just turned 30 now.
Do you think it makes sense
that you'll be the president
of Royeol Insurance?
You just don't know how capable I am.
Dad and the board of directors teamed up
and made you the representative.
What?
I overheard Mom and Dad talking
on the phone.
They said
Royeol Insurance is a big nuisance now.
They had to pay tens of billions of won
when there was a fire
at Samjeong Department Store last year.
They have to pay a lot again
because of today's plane accident.
I knew they shouldn't have
insured foreign airlines.
Gosh. your dad.
Anyway.
they will sell it to China
before it goes bankrupt.
That means you've become the captain
of a ship that will sink soon.
Good luck.
He's going to blame me
for its bankruptcy and sell the company?
That means...
he wants me to take all the blame.
Gosh. I knew it.
You sensed it was strange too. right?
What's wrong with your face?
Why do you have dirt in your eye?
Are you sick?
WE POLICE DON'T ACCEPT ANY REQUEST
FOR PARTICULAR CASES.
This isn't your department.
Why do you keep coming here?
Well... What happened to that woman?
-Did you release her?
-Who? You mean the crazy girl?
Is she really crazy? What did she say?
She's exercising her right
to remain silent.
She won't say anything.
Where is she? Where is that crazy girl?
Where did that crazy girl go?
You brat.
What nonsense did you say this time?
My goodness. you crazy wench!
Let's just kill ourselves together today.
-Let's just die!
-Stop!
Please calm down.
If you want to kill yourself. go ahead.
I'm strong enough
to survive alone from that plane.
so if you want to die. die alone!
You and your darn mouth.
You wench.
I told you to keep your mouth shut.
I told you to keep your eyes closed!
You crazy wench!
That crazy wench.
-Goodness.
-Please have a seat here.
Oh. gosh.
Here. please sit.
That girl isn't normal.
She's insane.
SEOUN METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY
What is this?
You're awake.
They were broken. so I fixed them.
Listen.
Do you remember me by any chance?
I saw you a few days ago.
At the burger place
on the day of the truck accident.
I don't know.
Wait.
Why do you always cover your eyes?
They're beautiful.
You have beautiful eyes.
Why do you always cover them?
They're beautiful.
Do you wear sunglasses
to avoid seeing the shadows?
Did you hear that?
Yes.
Do you believe me?
Not exactly.
but that's what you said.
Do you not see the shadows
if you wear them?
Shadows are black.
When I wear black sunglasses.
I don't see them.
At the burger place the other day.
did your ex-boyfriend...
I mean. well...
Did the guy in the accident
have a shadow on him as well?
Did you also know that he would be hit
by a truck and die?
How?
If I touch the shadow.
I can see the moment that person dies.
What?
I saw him getting hit by a truck and die.
so I tried to make him stay
until the truck passed.
You don't believe me. do you?
You say you see shadows.
and it's just a little funny...
No. I believe you.
I believe you. of course.
The little girl who sat next to me
on the plane.
I should have gotten off the plane
with her at least.
I can't stop thinking about her.
My eyes are cursed. People are right.
I'm a cursed monster.
That's...
It has been revealed
that the cause of the recent plane crash
was not an act of terrorism.
but a defect of the aircraft.
The airline and
the investigation officials analyzed
the black box and the debris
from the crash.
They confirmed that the compressor part
inside the engine was broken.
It was a defect in the aircraft.
They concluded that the crash occurred
due to the defect.
I should just smash
the heads of those jerks.
They accused an innocent person
of being a terrorist.
Oh. gosh.
I will report you all
to the UN's Human Rights Office.
Hi. I heard the news on my way to work.
I'm glad the misunderstanding was fixed.
Are you going home?
Give me a ride home. please.
No. I just came to work...
Excuse me.
No one gets off work in the morning.
You see.
I'm a very precious son to my parents.
I'm a third-generation only son.
When I was little. my mom set up
a different table just for me.
My gosh. she's giving me
all kinds of trouble.
There he goes again.
He's going to die.
I can see a shadow.
What?
He is Leo's manager.
Do you know him?
Don't worry. He will never jump.
He's famous around here.
He's been doing this every morning
for the past two years.
A few months ago.
he was doing the same thing.
and he missed his step
and almost fell off the bridge.
Then he hung on to the handrail.
and he wouldn't stop crying out for help.
Gosh. he will never kill himself.
Don't worry.
You said you believe me.
You're a big. fat liar.
What?
Whatever. I don't care.
I'm not a big. fat liar.
I thought he was going to get a job
at a celebrity agency.
Did he get fired already?
What?
What's her problem?
Gosh. I'm late.
Something urgent came up.
so I'm on my way to work now.
You lazy punk.
Hey. did you find out the number
on that silicon?
A professional told me
that it could be restored.
We just need to wait a little...
My gosh. what a bad temper.
I know you don't believe me. you loser!
"Loser"?
How did she get a hold of my number?
I can't believe he's still there.
What?
-My gosh.
-He fell.
What should we do?
Call 911.
-My gosh.
-I can't believe this.
Ji-dong!
-My goodness!
-Please calm down.
Ji-dong!
EMERGENCY SERVICES
My son!
I can't believe this!
-Mom. stop.
-My gosh!
-Mom.
-My goodness.
I can't believe this!
Mom. stop it.
He's going to die.
I can see a shadow.
She was right.
She can foresee death.
He died.
He really jumped off that bridge and died.
I told you so.
He was a really nice and hard-working guy.
If I had listened to you.
I could have saved him.
It's all my fault.
I practically killed him myself.
My gosh. I'm so stupid!
How am I going to reveal the truth
like this?
What? "The truth"?
How did you endure it?
How did you endure all this?
This was just my first time.
But you must have lived
with this feeling all your life.
Get lost.
Or I'm going to stick
that soju bottle into your eyes.
-No.
-What do you mean?
You are not a cursed monster.
What you have is a blessing.
It's not a curse.
The fact that you can foresee
someone's death...
It's really cool because that means
you can save people's lives.
My gosh. what are you doing?
Let's work together.
Let's save lives.
You should prove it to yourself
that what you have is actually a blessing.
not a curse.
Stop running away like a fool.
That's enough. Get lost.
That kid who sat next to you.
You said you can't get her out
of your head.
You said that leaving her on that plane
was killing you.
Let's save lives together.
so that no one will have to die
such a sudden death.
Let's work together.
Okay?
If it's too hard on your own.
I'll help you.
Okay?
Come on.
Hey.
Can you move your foot?
Let's work together just once.
If you aren't sure about it.
why don't you give it a try just once?
Just once.
My gosh. he's so loud.
Just do it for him already.
Gosh. let me get some sleep.
You're so loud.
You heard what she said. right?
Just once.
Let's work together just once.
Please? Just once.
-Let's do it just once.
-Let's go.
-Gosh. we need to do it.
-Get inside.
Gosh. stop playing hard to get!
-Let's do it just once.
-Shut up.
That crazy jerk.
You said you can't get her out
of your head.
You said that leaving her on that plane
was killing you.
Let's save lives together
so that no one will have to die
such a sudden death.
Who am I going to save?
I couldn't even save my own dad.
SEOUN METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY
Moo-gang.
You punk.
I heard someone reported you
yesterday for causing a fuss
in front of their house
after getting drunk.
What?
Oh. that? No. that's not what it was.
There was a slight misunderstanding.
My gosh. you're a disgrace
to our police station.
What was the number on that silicon?
Well. I found the hospital that bought it.
But the doctor was busy doing a surgery.
and they said
they'll call me back after...
You jerk!
Since when did detectives give people
the option to call back?
Do you think you're a realtor
or something?
-But he was in surgery...
-When is he going to call?
-In three. two. one.
-I'll go see him right now.
My gosh. what is he doing with that brain?
What am I going to do with him?
My goodness.
What is this?
It's the 1997 Mujin Fire Accident.
He can't even take care of a case
that happened two days ago.
Why is he looking into something
that happened 20 years ago?
It was used 20 years ago.
I just found the patient records.
Let's see.
This patient got more
than just a breast implant.
-She also got her thing removed.
-"Her thing"?
Do you mean she went through
a sex reassignment surgery?
So that's why her name wasn't
on the missing persons list.
She also got cosmetic surgery on her face.
I have both her before and after photos.
Okay.
CRAZY DOG
-Yes. sir.
-How did it go?
Tell me. Did you find anything?
No.
I think he was mistaken
about the serial number.
Yes. that's right.
KYUNGJIN COSMETIC SURGERY
NAME: HYUN-BAE LEE
Where is it?
Hey. look at me.
Where is the tape?
Where did you hide it?
Tell me!
Tell me.
I don't know.
You don't know?
Then let me help you remember.
Show me your face!
Where is the tape?
Where is it?
Tell me! Where is it?
Tell me!
Where is it?
Let me help you remember.
Tell me where it is.
SUN-YOUNG KIM
Everyone who used to be a student
at this school in 1997 should all be here.
Thank you.
STUDENT RECORD
Sun-young Kim's record should be here.
What? Why is it ripped out?
It looks like it was ripped out
a long time ago.
Is there any other way
to check Sun-young Kim's face?
-I'll bring you the yearbook.
-Okay.
Thanks.
It doesn't seem to be here. either.
Really?
Everyone is obligated to take a photo
for the yearbook.
She could've moved to a different school.
Are only soon-to-be graduates obligated
to take this photo?
No. everyone is obligated
to take that photo.
Then I guess she might be here somewhere.
SUN-YOUNG KIM
Dad.
Have you been doing well?
I'm sorry for not visiting often.
Dad. I came here
because I have something on my mind.
Some weird guy told me
that being able
to foresee death is a blessing.
He said he'll help me
and asked me to work with him
to save people's lives.
He's a funny guy. isn't he?
But Dad...
If...
If anyone had believed me back then
and offered to help me out.
then...
I might have been able to save you.
ROYEOL HOSPITAL
Moo-gang.
My gosh. it's raining.
What's wrong?
Did you see a corpse again?
Or is your boss giving you a hard time?
Gosh. there is an emergency patient.
I'll talk to you later.
Sun-young Kim.
Are you wondering how I know
your old name from 20 years ago?
You've managed to hide your age.
name. and identity.
You lived as a totally different person
until now.
So you must wonder how I found out.
It wasn't a coincidence. was it?
Did you approach me intentionally?
Moo-gang.
Tell me.
I said. tell me!
Tell me what happened 20 years ago!
Tell me. That woman was looking
for a tape.
It's all because of that tape.
Right?
Where is that tape?
Where is it?
Well...
To be honest...
It's a great day to save lives.
Fine.
Let's give it a try just once.
Mom. don't die!
She'll die because of an illness.
There is nothing I can do.
Hey. you know what I'll have to deal with
if you quit today.
There is a thing called loyalty. you jerk.
You crazy bastard.
Hey. we've worked together
for long enough.
Like I said.
there is a thing called loyalty.
You need to respect that.
Hey. we've been...
Hey. seriously.
Are you really going to do this to me?
Have you lost your mind?
Listen.
You still haven't met her?
All right. Call me
if you find out anything.
Okay.
MY DARLING SOO-WAN
We haven't talked for a month
since you left like that. Let's talk.
MESSAGE OPTIONS
DELETE
A teenager has been arrested
for taking money and valuables.
He lured the voice phishing agent.
saying that he would give them
his debit card...
-Hello?
-Hey. loser.
Like you said. I'm just going to do it.
to see whether it's a curse or a blessing.
Oh. right. Hello.
That being said. a shadow...
I just saw a shadow.
Come quickly. The address is...
Well. I'm sorry.
I can't go.
I have too much to deal with
as I'm going through something now.
What? You said we can do this together.
You said we can give it a try.
Well. I know. but...
That was just drunk talk.
What? Drunk talk?
Well...
Don't get me wrong.
I really want to help you.
but I'm all over the place these days.
I'm sorry.
You little shit. You'd better not show up
in front of me ever again.
If you do. I'll pull your eyes out
and play drums with them.
Hello?
How could she say such scary words?
What?
I became a fortune-teller
less than a month ago.
It was right there.
Like this.
The person didn't take my advice
and died like this.
So. you have to listen to me.
Please don't go anywhere
near the shopping mall.
You're crazy.
You wench. Do you think I have time
to go to places like that?
I don't have an easy life. okay?
Gosh. this isn't working.
All right. I'll be generous today.
I'll give you your pay for today.
so don't go anywhere.
Stay right here with me.
I put in an extra ten-dollar bill.
You're a gold digger. aren't you?
You little... Get lost!
You're investing this 100 dollars
to rip me off big time later on.
You treat money like garbage.
Whatever. I did my best.
I don't care whether you die or not.
Jerk. how dare you call me a gold digger?
Hey. did you leave your eyeballs
at home or what?
And what kind of gold digger would target
an old blue-collar like you?
Have you completely lost your mind?
Go ahead. Hit me. Punch me.
-Hit me. I would rather get hit.
-Go away. you wench.
-Mister. just punch me. Wait.
-I said. go away. Let go.
Help! This man is trying
to run away after hitting me.
-Let go!
-No. you can't go!
Gosh. are you insane?
Blood...
I'm bleeding. That man is trying
to run away after hitting me.
Please call the police! I'm bleeding.
Look at this blood. Gosh. I'm bleeding!
Please catch him!
Hey!
-Let go!
-Oh. gosh.
Goodness.
-What happened?
-Arrest him.
-You need to arrest him now.
-Why? What happened?
Make sure he can't move.
-What did he do?
-He hit me.
-He hit you?
-Yes.
-Do something.
-Wait!
I didn't do anything!
That woman is a gold digger!
I'm telling you.
She's a gold digger. officer!
Here.
What are you doing here?
You said you can't come.
I had to come because you said
you would pull out my eyeballs.
That must hurt a lot.
I don't want to die like that.
Do you even know
what I went through to find you?
Give me your phone.
Come on.
MOO-GANG HAN. ADDED TO FRIENDS LIST
What did you just do?
I don't want to go through so much again
just to find you.
What the hell? You're the one
who refused to come.
You just can't talk nicely. can you?
Great. it's done. Here you go.
You hurt yourself. didn't you?
To get him locked up in a holding cell
to make sure he's safe.
Am I right?
Well. are you really a detective?
What kind of detective
trip and fall like that?
You should just quit being a detective.
I'm actually planning to quit.
Well...
Well. you know.
everyone can trip and fall at times.
Getting your back stepped on happens. too.
You're done. right? I'll get going. then.
Wait. No. you can't leave.
Well. what else do you need?
I don't think it will end with that man.
Sorry?
Well.
I touched that man's shadow earlier.
Help me!
I'll kill this jerk!
Please come back to me.
Let go!
I'm really going to kill this guy!
There will be a hostage situation?
I think...
it looked like a shopping mall.
I saw an underwear store.
A gun.
That's right.
I think he was holding a gun.
I think it was 7 p.m.
He was wearing a military uniform.
A military uniform?
If he had a gun.
he must be a runaway soldier.
There is no news
about a runaway soldier. though.
Would you happen to know the date?
I'm not sure about that.
But if he's a runaway soldier.
it means anyone can be held hostage
even though that man is safe.
Right.
We have to catch the runaway soldier
to prevent that situation.
Do you know which shopping mall it was?
Try to remember what you saw.
Well...
I remember seeing a big clock on a wall.
Wait.
What is it?
It was seven o'clock
on the soldier's watch.
but the clock was pointing
at nine o'clock.
Seven o'clock. but...
But the clock on the wall was pointing
at nine o'clock?
A clock on a wall?
I think I know where it is.
-What? It's a painting?
-Is this it?
That means the incident will take
place at this shopping mall at 7 p.m.
-But we don't know the date.
-Exactly. We need to know the date.
-It's today.
-What?
That means we only have five hours.
What?
What's wrong?
That woman.
She was crying among the bystanders.
She must know something.
Meet me now. or I'll kill everyone.
I told him
that I'm seeing someone else now
and that I want him to stop bothering me.
Yes. got it.
Okay.
Our guess was right.
He ran away earlier this morning.
Why isn't it on the news. though?
A lot of sexual assault cases happened
in the military. you know.
They're probably silencing it
and trying to track him down.
Miss. please try
to contact your boyfriend.
Tell him that you want to talk.
And you know what?
Your boyfriend must have had a hard time
in the military.
How can you cheat on him like that?
I would be furious. too.
Have you been starving yourself or what?
Have you?
You've had two servings already.
Hey. I'm here.
Hello.
Have things been well with you?
Yes.
How have you been?
Good.
You said that you're seeing another guy.
It was a lie. right?
Excuse me. What time is it?
Sorry.
What are you doing now?
I'm sorry.
You were lying when you said
that you're seeing someone else. right?
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing? Did you...
What? What are you doing now?
Well. I totally understand
how you must be feeling now.
-but this is wrong. Let's go.
-What?
Hey.
-I'm really sorry.
-Hey. how could you...
How could you do this to me?
Cheer up. okay?
There are so many women in this world.
Just forget about her and move on. There.
Go in. Everything will be okay.
Oh. boy.
Gosh. that little...
People from his division said
that they'll pick him up.
It's all over now.
I'm off.
Detective Han!
I know I told you to quit your job.
but I take it back.
You were pretty helpful today.
All right. Bye.
Ha-ram!
We did an incredible thing today.
You know that. right?
That ability you have is a blessing.
not a curse.
I hope you know that now.
Bye now.
SUNGLASSES
SAVE
Sorry. Moo-gang. It's my fault.
We did an incredible thing today.
That ability you have is a blessing.
not a curse.
I hope you know that now.
It's been decided
that the commemoration park
for the Mujin Time Mart collapse
from 20 years ago
that killed 300 people will be built
on a mountain
near Mujin Elementary School
after a long conflict.
-The construction will commence
-What?
-as early as next week.
-My elementary school?
since the location has been...
Joon and I buried time capsules
in that mountain.
-Royeol Group...
-Gosh. I should dig it up tomorrow.
All eyes are on how the situation
will unfold.
My goodness.
My body is aching all over
from doing all that work.
Should I go to a sauna
and get a body scrub?
Oh. the bus is here.
It's my phone.
Please answer it for me.
DETECTIVE SUPPORT DIVISION
Hello?
Yes. Just a moment. please.
PLEASE RETURN THE TOWELS.
What was that?
Was I imagining it or something?
What just happened?
That's so weird.
LOSER. 17 MISSED CALLS
What?
Did something happen?
Did they get released?
What's going on?
He called me so many times.
I braided it all night for you.
My dad says
a red thread is the thread of fate.
Really?
Oh. wait here.
What? Are you giving it to me?
But you like it so much.
That's why I'm giving it to you.
Please keep it for me.
Can I write to you?
19-1. Myeonhee-dong. Mioh-gu. Seoul
Ha-ram. what do I always say?
"You're a blessed girl."
That's right.
The ability you have is a blessing.
Foreseeing deaths is a great ability
that you can save people's lives with.
I'll write to you often.
Write back. Don't forget me.
Stay in touch. okay?
Is this loser
really him?
Actually.
his lips and eyes look similar.
I'm going to become a detective.
A cool detective like your dad.
He really became a detective.
Gosh. why didn't I recognize him?
He's...
MILITARY POLICE
REPUBLIC OF KOREA ARMY
Why is there only one line?
There were clearly two.
The watch.
He was wearing a watch on his right wrist.
Excuse me. Where is the gun?
He didn't have one on him
when he deserted.
Let's go.
What?
He wasn't the one?
-Hello? A hostage situation?
-Hello? Yes.
What are you doing? Move it!
Move it.
We have breaking news.
There is a hostage situation at N Mall.
The captor is in a military uniform.
and he has a gun.
It's highly likely that he's a deserter.
The hostage is a man in his 30s.
His identity remains unknown.
Why is he...
Why is Detective Han there?
Why...
-Why is he there?
-Chief!
Detective Han is the hostage.
Come and look.
-What's going on?
-That's Detective Han. right?
THE CAPTOR IS A SOLDIER.
THE VICTIM OF SEXUAL ASSAULT.
He went to pick up my mom!
It is said that he is not a deserter...
Your mom?
Please let me go.
My mom has dementia.
She's at a mall in Dongbaek-ri.
Its name is Nine...
Anyway. she's waiting for me there.
I have to go pick her up.
You mean Nine PM?
Is that why this man was there?
Where in Nine PM are you?
Does this mean that man's fate
became Detective Han's?
I'm really going to kill this guy!
He went to the mall today...
No. It can't be.
When he was stopped by the guards.
he took the man hostage.
THE CAPTOR REQUESTS
SENATOR NAM TO REVEAL THE TRUTH.
What? What happened?
-Did Detective Han get shot?
-Let's move now.
What did I...
What did I do?
What on earth did I do?
It's because of me.
EMERGENCY SERVICES
ROYEOL HOSPITAL
Doctor. please see this patient first.
Moo-gang...
Get the defibrillator ready.
Scissors!
Charge it again to 200 joules. Hurry.
It has been revealed that
Private Kim wasn't the one who got shot.
but Detective Moo-gang Han. the hostage.
Detective Han was taken to the hospital...
I killed him.
I killed him. I did it.
I'm cursed.
I should die.
What?
How dramatic.
Gosh. humans.
It will be a tragic end.
First love. my foot. I don't need it.
Hey. you!
-Hey!
-How can I lose this woman?
She's so annoying.
What's wrong with Moo-gang?
He's like a completely different person.
Who are you?
You died that day. Moo-gang Han.
Subtitle translation by James Han